---
layout: "post"
title: "Moving"
---

Wow, so it's official. I'm moving from Seattle, allllllll the way down to San Diego. Anna will be pursuing her degree in teaching while I'll be pursuing computer science. Never thought we would need to move back down, but this pandemic is/was a bitch to deal with. Making us move all of our stuff because we can't afford to live where we are anymore. But that's okay, you gotta roll with the punches sometimes. We spent a good amount of time packing our pod which should be down next week and then cleaning up the apartment. Anna is currently driving to Good Will to donate the stuff we can't bring with us. I'm going to miss you desky ;( You fit so perfectly in the closet, but you are going to be a bitch and a half to get out. Desky is my L-Shaped Desk that sat in my make shift office/closet space. I had to take it apart in order to even fit it in the closet.

Anyway, I'm running off of 5 hours of sleep and have a 24 hours car drive to look forward to in the next few hours. I'm going to try and catch some Z's before leaving so I can make it through the night. I basically had to switch my sleep schedule around, but was abruptly woken up in the middle of my slumber to my roommate yelling at someone through the door. Then my mind started racing thinking about all the things I would need to do today. Now that I got 75% of the tasks done, I get to write to you. Anna and I will be going straight down in one go. No stopping for hotels or motels. Our only stops will be at rest stops and gas stations. We just want to chug along and get there already. We are both very excited. It's going to be a sort of retreat. We will be able to do a lot of thinking, reading, and studying on the land down there. It will be nice. I get to look forward to an interview next week. Cristian and I will be going over data structures and design patterns. The design patterns book will be good to crack open again. I haven't gone through that in a good while.

Sooooooo, yeah. I'm going to go for now. I'll be recording everything on my handycam so I can then later make a video from our trip down. Love you Luke and Sam, we will miss you and we appreciate everything you have ever done for us and more. One day we will pay it forward to you guys or to whomestevar needs our help. We better play some games soon...and it'll be nice to catch a break from Lukes **super** ugly face. We can't wait to see you Mom and Dad :) and even all of our friends! it's real, it's been nice, but it hasn't been real nice Seattle. Jk...We will meet again soon one day.

We are off to see the wizard Harry!>!111!!
